The fallout from the raid, I think, is really
important. For a lot of women, it took a lot of
courage. After the raid, there were so many women
who just weren’t going to go again.
Who knows what trauma people have experienced
at the hands ofcops, right? Like...
Or just men? You know, you
think you’re in this really awesome, safe space,
and to have that stripped away that quickly... It
was brutal to watch people’s faces and bodies just
shrink in on themselves.
We had to do a lot ofwork
to try and make people feel comfortable about
coming back. And so, our numbers really dwindled,
people didn’t feel safe. We knew that a lot of
people who’d been in conflict with the law or
could be at conflict with the law — so, racialized
people, trans people, sex workers — it wasn’t as
much of a safe space for them anymore
becauseyou never know when the
cops are going to comeback.
I think it felt like what we wanted, our
desires, our identities, our sexual liberation
was not okay. Definitely affected me. I would
guess that it affected other people in the
sense of it’s just another form of bullying and
a profound one because you’re just being told,
“Oh, yeah? You think you can create this
beautiful, wonderful thing? Nah.”
It was all so enraging.
The differential impacts, theknowledge that
that was happening across the
board for a whole bunch of people who committed
no crime, but for a night out had their lives
upended in this way. And of no consequence to the
police, community safety, the broader society,
even a deeper moral fabric. There is, like,
no consequence in this event to anyone else,
but that folks were going to have their
lives upended. You know, in many cases,
completely redirected from paths
they would’ve otherwise pursued.